doc: Enterprise Edition (#272)
chatwoot/docs: docs/product/others/enterprise-edition.md

---
sidebar_label: 'Enterprise Edition'
title: 'Enterprise Edition'
---

> Starting from [Chatwoot `2.0`](https://www.chatwoot.com/blog/2-0-release-ee-edition-et-al/) ships two versions of its software. The Community edition is `MIT` licensed, and an Enterprise edition is available under a [propretry license](https://github.com/chatwoot/chatwoot/blob/develop/LICENSE). Both software versions are built out of a single [github repository](https://github.com/chatwoot/chatwoot).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from [version `2.0`](https://www.chatwoot.com/blog/2-0-release-ee-edition-et-al/), Chatwoot ships two versions of its software. The Community edition is `MIT` licensed, and an Enterprise edition is available under a [proprietary license](https://github.com/chatwoot/chatwoot/blob/develop/LICENSE). Both software versions are built out of a single [github repository](https://github.com/chatwoot/chatwoot).  
```
